Hey, Muro!
Come here for a second!
I think we found something.
[MURO]
What is this?
So then, it's exactly
as you said.
Yes, there's something
strange about our world.
But it's hidden from us.
[NATSUME]
Daddy!
Lookit this weird‐lookin'
thingy I just found!
Natsume!
How did you even get out here?
[NATSUME]
Uh...
I know. You stowed away
in the car, right?
[NATSUME]
Uh... I, uh, uh, um...
[IVAN laughs]
C'mon, cut her some slack.
You're the one who's
been telling her stories
about the surface every night.
Of course she's
gonna wanna see it.
Right, kiddo?
Really...
Gadoll, right on us!
Hurry! Let's go!
[TACHITO]
Well, this sucks.
Crap, avispine!
[IVAN]
And it's gaining on us!
[MURO] Hold on, Natsume.
Don't let go!
[NATSUME]
Right!
[MURO gasps]
The Gears!
[IVAN]
Woo! We're saved!
[TACHITO]
We can still make it!
[NATSUME screams]
[IVAN yells]
[MURO]
Dammit! They got Ivan!
Take my daughter.
She's bleeding badly.
[AID UNIT A]
Sir!
[MURO]
We've been overrun.
Natsume! You with me?
Yeah.
Stay strong, okay?
They're taking you
back to Deca‐Dence.
So please, hang on.
Dad's gonna be home real soon.
Wait for me.
[MURO]
Get moving, now!
[AID UNIT A]
Yes, sir!
[CLASSMATE A] Long ago,
the mysterious creatures
called Gadoll emerged as
a dire threat to humanity.
Over 90% of the human
population was eradicated.
[CLASSMATE B] In the face of
this unprecedented threat,
the Gears, soldiers
of the anti‐Gadoll
combat force known as The Power,
combined their vast
knowledge to construct
the mobile fortress
we know as Deca‐Dence.
[LINMEI] Powered by oxyone,
the energy coursing through
the veins of the Gadoll,
the fortress became
humanity's final bastion.
The last living humans
were provided with
a habitat built into a
massive oxyone storage tank
aboard Deca‐Dence.
And now, this place
is the only home
that humanity has left.
In the centuries since then,
thanks to the Gears' protection,
Tankers like us have been
able to live in peace.
As Tankers, our role
is to support the Gears
in their work,
and allow them to focus
all their energies on fighting.
[NATSUME]
After the Gears fight,
our job is to butcher
any Gadoll they kill.
If any armor has taken damage,
we're called on to repair it.
And assisting the brave
Gears in this fashion
is the Tanker way of life.
[DIRECTOR A]
A splendid recitation.
Today, you will all
leave this facility.
Maintain the Tanker ethos
as you transition
into your new jobs.
Now then.
Linmei. Butchery.
[LINMEI]
Yes!
[CLASSMATES gasp]
[DIRECTOR A]
Marco, weaponry.
[MARCO]
Yes, sir.
[DIRECTOR A]
Peth, dye worker.
[PETH]
Yes, sir!
It was refused?
What is that crap?!
It's not like there's
some rule against me
joining The Power!
No refusal.
They didn't technically
turn you down;
they just didn't take you.
Which is basically
the same thing.
[DIRECTOR A] I'm sure
I don't need to tell you why.
They need candidates sound
in mind and body.
That goes for anybody
who wants to enlist
in The Power.
You can't be a soldier.
Get over it and
find another job.
[NATSUME groans]
[sighs]
[FEI]
Hey, cheer up!
There's always next time, right?
We give our thanks.
[NATSUME yells]
My bad, I thought you
were into stuff like that.
I figured you might
need some cheering up
since The Power rejected your
enlistment and everything.
Stop it, Linmei!
They didn't reject me;
they just didn't let me join up!
That's the same thing.
[FRIENDS laugh]
And really, with that
arm of yours,
you'd be even more of
a chore to drag off the field.
You have no idea how
much I've been training!
I can pull more than
my weight, hear me?
[LINMEI]
Whatever you say! 'Kay, bye!
Who's gonna be laughing
when you're cutting up
my kills, ya stupid jerk?
[FEI]
You know,
to be honest,
I'm glad you didn't get in.
[NATSUME]
Huh?
[FEI] I love that you
worked so hard for it,
but it's pretty rare
for a Tanker like you
to end up as a soldier.
And it's so dangerous!
Think about your dad.
What I mean is, I really
want you to stay alive.
Thanks for that.
Whoa.
See them?
Gears are so lucky.
It woulda been cool
to be born into
the badass warrior race.
[FEI] But that's exactly why
we have to let them
be the ones who fight
the Gadoll, isn't it?
So that way, we can, uh...
Wait, what are you going to do?
For your job.
The director did find you
something, didn't he?
Oh, yeah, about that...
[NATSUME yells]
So high!
[KABURAGI]
Hey.
[NATSUME]
Excuse me.
My name is Natsume.
I'll be starting with the
Kaburagi team today.
It's very good to meet you.
Great. This way.
[NATSUME]
Excuse me. Mister Kaburagi, sir?
Um, should I call you
"boss" or "chief" or...?
Sorry.
[KABURAGI]
And you're off.
[NATSUME screams]
You coulda said something first!
Nobody's gonna be holding
your hand out here.
Scrub that gunk off the shell.
[NATSUME]
Huh?
Oh, gross! What is this crap?
It's a big chunk of
flesh and mucus
someone blew off a Gadoll.
The director said I was
gonna be repairing armor.
[KABURAGI] That's after
the five years of cleaning.
[NATSUME]
That's a Tanker search unit.
I wonder if Kurenai's with them.
[KABURAGI]
What're you doing?
It's not work.
[NATSUME]
Sorry, sir!
[groans]
Five whole years of that?
[NATSUME snoring]
Hey, Boss, you eat the
same stuff every day.
Don't you ever want
something different?
It's fine.
So, um...
Is that some kind
of super‐nutritious‐‐
[KABURAGI]
It's just water. Now eat.
Why me?
[FENNEL]
Long day, huh?
[NATSUME yells]
Whoa, easy.
Ah, hi there,
Mister Kennel, sir.
That's Fennel, babe,
if you hadn't heard.
So, how's work?
Great!
Well, I mean,
other than that part
where the boss barely
says a word to me.
Yeah.
Seems like he's been
that way since he was born.
Prob'ly stay that way
till he dies too.
So look.
Why not forget about him?
Right? Let's grab a bite.
No thanks.
[FENNEL] We need to welcome you
to the crew anyway!
Not like you're
working tomorrow!
Yeah, even so.
[knock on door]
[knocking continues]
[KABURAGI]
Stay quiet, bud.
[knocking continues]
Good evening‐‐
C'mon, Boss, open up!
You're being way too rude!
Stop knocking with that!
What's the problem?
Just this.
I found it at
the office earlier.
Great.
Wait!
So I was kinda hoping
that maybe you might
be willing to throw
a little welcoming party
for me?
Do what?
[NATSUME]
We're off tomorrow, right?
And I've already got
the stuff for it, so...
[KABURAGI]
Pass.
Would you stop that?
Look, Boss. You lost this thing.
Didn't even notice.
But lucky for you, I noticed
it and brought it to you.
Way out here, by myself.
So! The long and short of it is,
they didn't let me
enlist in The Power.
Isn't that crap?!
And if you did end up a soldier,
what would you do then?
Need me to spell it out for ya?
I'd fight with
everything I have.
To try to end this war.
[KABURAGI]
Wouldn't have worked.
There aren't even 200
Tankers in The Power,
but let's pretend you did
have what it takes.
Ending the war with the Gadoll
would still be just
a pipe dream.
You wanna die
out there for nothing,
or stay here and
work for the Gears?
But then, if everybody
accepted that,
there's no way things
would ever change!
Some things don't change
no matter what you do.
Deal with it.
[NATSUME] So many people
are telling me to deal with it
lately.
Humans are pretty
much extinct out there.
Is getting to live out
your whole natural life
here in peace really so bad?
Peace?
If the Gadoll were wiped out,
we could finally
live in real peace!
[KABURAGI] Look, your
dreams are your business.
My business is to make sure
you get your job done.
And I'll give it
everything I have!
But still, no way I'm giving
up on being a soldier.
[KABURAGI] Sooner or later,
you'll have to accept your life
as an armor repairer.
That's how it goes.
So you're saying that I
should have no ambitions?
If that's what you
really took from it,
then yeah.
‐‐Huh? What was that?
‐‐Stop that!
What?
Conversation's over. Get out.
[NATSUME]
Uh, shouldn't I clean up first?
[KABURAGI]
No, leave it.
It's time for you to head home.
Go already.
[PIPE yelps]
[NATSUME]
What is that thing?!
Oh, crap, is that a Gadoll?
Ah! How'd it get in here?!
Gotcha. Now stay right there!
Enough.
Trust me, we're not in danger.
Where'd you get it? And how?
[KABURAGI]
Just found it on the job.
What's its name?
[KABURAGI]
Never gave it one.
Huh? What's wrong with you?
[NATSUME]
Is this for me?
Gosh, aren't you sweet!
That settles it.
Starting now, your name is Pipe.
Who said you could name
it in the first place?
You like it, don't you, Pipe?
[laughs]
Weren't you orphaned
by the Gadoll?
[NATSUME] Yeah, but
this one seems different.
[MAN A hums]
[MAN A grunts]
[KABURAGI]
The chip has been recovered.
[HUGIN]
Excellent work.
Error code 4‐1‐1.
Kaburagi, your rates
of bug discovery
and recovery have been marginal.
Please redouble your efforts.
Remember: "The world
must be free of bugs."
Kaburagi?
[KABURAGI]
The world must be free of bugs.
[HUGIN]
Acceptable.
[NATSUME]
I'm just not okay with it.
Boss, you told me
that I needed to give up
on my ambitions,
and maybe that really would
be the smartest thing to do.
But I just don't think I can.
It means I'd be
giving up on life itself.
That's your call.
[NATSUME]
Cool.
[alarm blaring]
Gadoll?
[OPERATOR A]
Commander General Minato!
Gadoll group detected.
[MINATO]
Report.
Range 1,500.
Expect contact at 05:30.
Mid‐sizes are octhulhu,
avispine, seldurum,
spoonwormer, nemollis,
and burrn. 65 total.
The large class is a giland.
[MINATO]
We face them here. Full stop.
Prepare for battle.
We're activating Deca‐Dence.
[OPERATOR B]
Deca‐Dence full stop!
[OPERATOR A]
Dropping anchor!
Armor layers one
through four deployed!
[OPERATOR B]
Deca‐Dence moorings secured.
[MINATO]
Open main sortie gate, now!
[GEAR A]
Here we go!
[GEAR B]
Happy hunting, crew!
Damn, that's a bunch.
Hey, don't mess yourself.
Don't talk crap!
Now is not the time for
a pissing match, you two.
Let's roll!
[GEAR C]
Go, go, go, go, go!
[ANNOUNCER A] Non‐combat
personnel, take shelter
immediately.
Repeat. Non‐combat personnel,
take shelter immediately.
[TANKER A]
Come on, move it!
[TANKER B]
Always with this crap.
Really? Right now, really?
Of all the times for you to‐‐
Oh, holy shit!
Hey, take it easy, Fennel.
I know what's going on.
I've done this for four years.
[SENPAI A]
Stop! Let go!
Wait, isn't that‐‐
[yelling]
[NATSUME yelling]
[GEAR D]
Party time!
[GEAR E]
Let's light 'em up, guys!
Zones are open!
‐‐[GEAR F] Go! Go! Go!
‐‐[GEAR G] Tear 'em up!
[GEAR H]
Make 'em bleed!
[RYOKU]
C'mon! Can't even touch me!
[KURENAI]
Here's the spot!
[NATSUME yells]
[GROUP yells]
[KABURAGI]
Pardon me.
Thanks for gettin' us all
killed, you shitbag!
[NATSUME yells]
[NATSUME]
Boss?
[NATSUME yells]
Yo, who's he?
This dude's got skills.
Hot damn!
[KABURAGI grunts]
Great, I'm alive.
Thanks boss, that was really‐‐
[vomits]
That's our part, Minato.
Your turn.
We've engaged.
Giland is in weapons range.
Fire harpoons. Drain it.
[OPERATOR A]
The giland deployed its Zone!
[OPERATOR B]
Initiating oxyone transfer.
[OPERATOR A]
We are clear for activation.
Activate Deca‐Dence!
[OPERATORS]
Yes, sir!
[OPERATOR A]
Activating upper armor.
[OPERATOR C]
Retracting main core.
[OPERATOR A]
Optical pseudo fibers ignited!
Activating anti‐shock harness.
[OPERATOR C]
Anti‐shock harness secured!
[OPERATOR A]
Beginning deployment of the
Deca‐Dence Cannon!
[OPERATOR B]
Deca‐Dence clasp complete.
Now coupling. Start sequence.
Deca‐Dence Cannon active.
Anti‐shock stand engaging.
[OPERATOR C]
Connecting nerve cables.
[OPERATOR A]
Connection complete!
Deca‐Dence Intercept
Form is fully activated!
Unreal.
[FENNEL]
Not dead.
[GEARS cheer]
[ANNOUNCER] Annihilation
of large‐class Gadoll giland
successful.
Congratulations to all staff.
Keep your oxyone supply stocked,
and please don't forget
to reboot as necessary.
And with that, have
a profitable day.